TV anime dress No. 521
The outline of the story of the result of the battle start fascination training arrives at the gathering place of the fake straw pair
Luffy was gone is where the will is to be subject to sanctions from the cell fees
But
When I tried to apply sanctions to Dufy
The square is surrounded by the navy
Ah ah ah ah
It is a bit of fake straw that was surrounded by a lot of opening and closing and was attacked at a stretch, but it is deep
The power of rookies such as Albion and lip service dot is also strong
The war situation will be developed in favor of the fake rice straw
But the war situation and the Corps to Pacifista human weapons that are staying two dogs Senmomomaru in situ arrives
It changes greatly
The road of 88 million Berry's prize money is also defeated in a single pass by Pass Festa
This time is a large pinch of fake straw alleys, but such time
The top circle appears with the pacifista in front of the Selfie, trying to escape
So he was defeated by a blow at the battle momomaru
You can see the identity from the pacifista database
The identity of 2 SELPHY is confirmed to be black with a triple coin with a prize of 26 million berry
Will be
The navy has moved a lot to a fake opponent
For Pacifista is Dolphy after this to immediately arrival had also been captured
This time , pacifista aims at real luffy
Luffy, who grew up in the past two years, was struck with a pistol with a pistol of armed colours .
Originally
I will try to escape from the front of the battle peach Maru by defeating Paxifista px 5 but just there
Real Sanji and Zoro also rush to
Because the 46th glove was very noisy
It was surely the Luffy is Zoro and Sanji thought I'd have rushed
Pasifista px 7 stands up to Zoro and Sanji, but Zoro also grew up
Pacifista is will be brought down with one blow and by Sanji
Ah
Show off the eastern strength
Now in front of the three Luffies who are about to leave, Rayleigh will appear
Before the people who are surprised by the appearance of Silver's Rayleigh
Luffy against me Lee again
I shout like words of vows
I will be the Baby Pirate King
When
What does Rayleigh move in this situation ?
Can the Suffers 32 get to the Sunny safely?
Up to here is the TV anime 1 p 521 start fighting
It is a story of the story of the result of the attractive training